README.md, before:

# Shader Park Example Templates 🎉

Example templates for [Shader Park](https://shaderpark.com/) using [shader-park-core](https://github.com/shader-park/shader-park-core).

<br/>

## Examples using npm

Examples using Shader Park as an npm package are listed as folders in this repo with info in each Readme.

[es6-starter-template](es6-starter-template/): Quick start using shader-park-core and vite

[es6-vite-prebuild-three-template](es6-vite-prebuild-three-template): Recommended for production builds that use threejs and have static shaders

[es6-three-starter-template](es6-three-starter-template/): Quick start using three.js, shader-park-core and parcel

[nft-hicetnunc-three-template](nft-hicetnunc-three-template/): Create your own interactive NFT using Shader Park and host it on Hic et Nunc

[vite-fxhash-template](vite-fxhash-template/): Create FXHash bundle using Shader Park, Three.js and Vite. Derived from EILSEQ's artwork [Miss Lexotan](https://www.fxhash.xyz/generative/24475)

TODO:

es6-starter-interactive-template

es6-starter-three-interactive-template

react-template

react3fiber-template

<br/>

## Quick Start Examples

Examples are hosted on Glitch to quickly preview and live edit.

[All Glitch Projects](https://glitch.com/@torinmb/shader-park-examples)

[Starter Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-template)

[Starter Template With Mouse Interactivity](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-interactive)

[Starter Template With Scroll Interactivity](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-interactive-scroll)

[Starter Template with GLSL (yes there's a glsl library you can still access instead of javascript)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-template-glsl)

<br/>

[Three.js Starter Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-three-js)

[Three.js Custom Geometry Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-threejs-custom-geometry)

[Three.js Text Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-three-js-text)

[Three.js WebXR Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-webxr)

Commit message:

add link to p5js example

README.md, after:

# Shader Park Example Templates 🎉

Example templates for [Shader Park](https://shaderpark.com/) using [shader-park-core](https://github.com/shader-park/shader-park-core).

<br/>

## Examples using npm

Examples using Shader Park as an npm package are listed as folders in this repo with info in each Readme.

[es6-starter-template](es6-starter-template/): Quick start using shader-park-core and vite

[es6-vite-prebuild-three-template](es6-vite-prebuild-three-template): Recommended for production builds that use threejs and have static shaders

[es6-three-starter-template](es6-three-starter-template/): Quick start using three.js, shader-park-core and parcel

[nft-hicetnunc-three-template](nft-hicetnunc-three-template/): Create your own interactive NFT using Shader Park and host it on Hic et Nunc

[vite-fxhash-template](vite-fxhash-template/): Create FXHash bundle using Shader Park, Three.js and Vite. Derived from EILSEQ's artwork [Miss Lexotan](https://www.fxhash.xyz/generative/24475)

## Using Shader Park with p5.js
See this example:  
https://editor.p5js.org/pdubs/sketches/GNk9KFhzo

TODO:

es6-starter-interactive-template

es6-starter-three-interactive-template

react-template

react3fiber-template

<br/>

## Quick Start Examples

Examples are hosted on Glitch to quickly preview and live edit.

[All Glitch Projects](https://glitch.com/@torinmb/shader-park-examples)

[Starter Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-template)

[Starter Template With Mouse Interactivity](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-interactive)

[Starter Template With Scroll Interactivity](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-interactive-scroll)

[Starter Template with GLSL (yes there's a glsl library you can still access instead of javascript)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-template-glsl)

<br/>

[Three.js Starter Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-three-js)

[Three.js Custom Geometry Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-threejs-custom-geometry)

[Three.js Text Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-three-js-text)

[Three.js WebXR Template](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/shader-park-webxr)
